docs/Install_Guide/ig_ch_08_manual_install.md, before:

# <a name="1.0"></a>Installing and Configuring Lustre* Manually

[**Software Installation Guide Table of Contents**](ig_TOC.md)

Some installations may opt to deploy and configure a Lustre* file system
manually, without Intel® Manager for Lustre* software. Other
installations may opt to deploy and configure a Lustre* file system and
then later install Intel® Manager for Lustre* software to be used in
Monitor-only mode.

The overall release tarball is iml-4.0.0.0.tar.gz. To deploy and
configure Lustre* manually, use these packages:

-   Lustre* server packages:lustre-2.7.19.10-bundle.tar.gz

-   Lustre* client packages:lustre-client-2.7.19.10-bundle.tar.gz

-   e2fsprogs packages: e2fsprogs-1.42.13.wc5-bundle.tar.gz

For information regarding installing and configuring Lustre\*, see Part II
of the Lustre* Operations Manual. This is available at the following URL.
If this page does not load, copy and paste it into your browser.

[https://build.hpdd.intel.com/job/lustre-manual/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/lustre_manual.xhtml\#part.installconfig](https://build.hpdd.intel.com/job/lustre-manual/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/lustre_manual.xhtml\#part.installconfig)

[Top of page](#1.0)

Commit message:

Template help files (#81)
* Template help files

We are hardcoding version numbers throughout the help.

Instead, use Jekyll's built-in templating
to DRY up version strings.

We can build off of this to enable
a greenkeeper type update of the vars
as described in #78.

Signed-off-by: Joe Grund <joe.grund@intel.com>

* - Add templating for:
   * lustre_kernel_version
   * lustre_package_name
   * lustre_version
   * e2fsprogs_version
   * centos_version

Signed-off-by: Will Johnson <william.c.johnson@intel.com>

docs/Install_Guide/ig_ch_08_manual_install.md, after:

# <a name="1.0"></a>Installing and Configuring Lustre\* Manually

[**Software Installation Guide Table of Contents**](ig_TOC.md)

Some installations may opt to deploy and configure a Lustre* file system
manually, without Intel® Manager for Lustre* software. Other
installations may opt to deploy and configure a Lustre* file system and
then later install Intel® Manager for Lustre* software to be used in
Monitor-only mode.

The overall release tarball is iml-{{site.version}}.0.tar.gz. To deploy and
configure Lustre\* manually, use these packages:

* Lustre\* server packages:{{site.lustre_package_name}}-bundle.tar.gz

* Lustre\* client packages:lustre-client-{{site.lustre_version}}-bundle.tar.gz

* e2fsprogs packages: e2fsprogs-{{site.e2fsprogs_version}}.wc5-bundle.tar.gz

For information regarding installing and configuring Lustre\*, see Part II
of the Lustre\* Operations Manual. This is available at the following URL.
If this page does not load, copy and paste it into your browser.

[https://build.hpdd.intel.com/job/lustre-manual/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/lustre_manual.xhtml\#part.installconfig](https://build.hpdd.intel.com/job/lustre-manual/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/lustre_manual.xhtml#part.installconfig)

[Top of page](#1.0)
