docs/Install_Guide/ig_ch_02_introduction.md, before:

[**Manager for Lustre\* Software Installation Guide Table of Contents**](ig_TOC.md)
# <a name="1.0"></a>Introducing the Manager for Lustre\* Software

**In this Chapter:**

- [What is Manager for Lustre\* Software?](#what-is-manager-for-lustre-software)
- [What is Management Mode?](#what-is-management-mode)
- [What is Monitor-only Mode?](#what-is-monitor-only-mode)
- [The Configuration Page in Monitor-only mode](#the-configuration-page-in-monitor-only-mode)
- [Building a Lustre* Storage Solution over a ZFS File System](#building-a-lustre-storage-solution-over-a-zfs-file-system)

Manager for Lustre\* software, when integrated with
Linux, aggregates a range of storage hardware into a single Lustre\*
file system that is well proven for delivering fast IO to applications
across high-speed network fabrics, such as InfiniBand\* and Ethernet.

Lustre\* is a global, single-namespace file system architecture that
allows parallel access by many clients to all the data in the file
system across many servers and storage devices. Designed to take
advantage of the reliability features of enterprise-class storage
hardware, Manager for Lustre\* software provides high availability
features including redundant servers with storage failover. Metadata and
data are stored on separate servers to allow each system to be optimized
for different workloads.

A high-availability Lustre* file system managed by Manager for
Lustre\* software requires that your entire storage system configuration
and all interfaces comply with the High Availability Configuration
Specification presented in this guide.

If you are creating a Lustre* file system that will use OpenZFS as the
backend, see the guide *Lustre\* Installation and Configuration using
Manager for Lustre\* Software and OpenZFS*.

What is Manager for Lustre\* Software?
-----------------------------------------------

Manager for Lustre\* software greatly simplifies configuring, creating,
monitoring, and managing one or more Lustre* file systems from either the
manager GUI, or the associated command line interface (CLI).

RestAPI plugins can further extend the functionality of ML. Such
plugins might include real-time storage monitoring that let you track
Lustre* file system usage, performance metrics, events, and errors at the
Lustre* level.

What is Management Mode?
------------------------

The Manager for Lustre\* software lets you create and manage
new high-availability (HA) Lustre* file systems from its GUI. For each HA
file system, the GUI and dashboard let you create, monitor, and manage
all servers and their respective targets. The software lets you define
failover servers to support HA. RAID-based fault tolerance for storage
devices is implemented independent of Manager for Lustre\*
software. Software RAID (MDRAID) disk discovery is not supported.

To provide robust HA support, Manager for Lustre\* software
automatically configures Corosync and Pacemaker, and takes advantage of
IPMI or PDUs to support server failover. Note that Logical Volume
Manager (LVM) is not supported in [Management
mode](#what-is-management-mode), but is supported in [Monitor
mode](#what-is-monitor-only-mode).

**Note**: Managed HA support *requires* that your entire storage system
configuration and all interfaces be compliant with a *known
configuration*. See the [High Availability Configuration
Specification](ig_ch_03_building.md) for more information.

What is Monitor-only Mode?
--------------------------

Monitor-only mode allows you to “discover” a working Lustre* file system.
Using Manager for Lustre\* software, you can then monitor the
file system at the Manager for Lustre\* dashboard. All of the
charts presented on the manager dashboard to monitor performance and
statistics, are also available in monitor-only mode.

Monitor-only mode is for file systems that do not fully conform to the
High Availability Configuration Specification. In this situation, the
Corosync and Pacemaker configuration modules provided with
Manager for Lustre\* software are not automatically deployed. This means
that Manager for Lustre\* software cannot configure the file
system for server failover. Note that Logical Volume Manager (LVM) is
not supported in [Management mode](#what-is-management-mode), but is
supported in [Monitor mode](#what-is-monitor-only-mode).

### The Configuration Page in Monitor-only mode

The Configuration page presented by Manager for Lustre\*
software is designed primarily to enable designers to create Lustre* file
systems with server failover capability, but this capability is not
supported in monitor-only mode. However, many of the features provided
on the Configuration page are also directly useful for monitor-only file
systems.

Building a Lustre* Storage Solution over a ZFS File System
---------------------------------------------------------

If your intent is to build a high-availability, Lustre* storage solution
over an existing ZFS, Manager for Lustre\* software supports this
configuration. However, the installation and configuration of such a
system is not described in this guide. Please see the document:
*Lustre\* Installation and Configuration using Manager for Lustre\*
Software and OpenZFS*.

[Top of page](#1.0)

Commit message:

Add Contributor docs to the IML Help Docs (#21)
* Added Contributor docs to the IML Help Docs
 - Added a link to the README.md to point to the contrib docs
 - Created the directory, Contibutor_Docs
 - Appended each file with: cd_ to represent contributor docs
 - Added instructions for MacOS and Linux SSI tests

* Modified links to be Consistent
 - Moved or created top links for every page
 - Created Top of Page links at the bottom of most pages.

* Changed the link for setting up clients to reflect the correct Lustre download URL.

* Change Logo and make links consistent
 - Changed references to Intel® Manager for Lustre* software
 - See namesdb.intel.com
 - Made all links to Table of Contents consistent.

* Corrected urls to iml tarball and linux 7

docs/Install_Guide/ig_ch_02_introduction.md, after:

# <a name="1.0"></a>Introducing the Intel® Manager for Lustre* software

[**Software Installation Guide Table of Contents**](ig_TOC.md)

**In this Chapter:**

- [What is Intel® Manager for Lustre* software?](#what-is-manager-for-lustre-software)
- [What is Management Mode?](#what-is-management-mode)
- [What is Monitor-only Mode?](#what-is-monitor-only-mode)
- [The Configuration Page in Monitor-only mode](#the-configuration-page-in-monitor-only-mode)
- [Building a Lustre* Storage Solution over a ZFS File System](#building-a-lustre-storage-solution-over-a-zfs-file-system)

Intel® Manager for Lustre* software, when integrated with
Linux, aggregates a range of storage hardware into a single Lustre\*
file system that is well proven for delivering fast IO to applications
across high-speed network fabrics, such as InfiniBand\* and Ethernet.

Lustre\* is a global, single-namespace file system architecture that
allows parallel access by many clients to all the data in the file
system across many servers and storage devices. Designed to take
advantage of the reliability features of enterprise-class storage
hardware, Intel® Manager for Lustre* software provides high availability
features including redundant servers with storage failover. Metadata and
data are stored on separate servers to allow each system to be optimized
for different workloads.

A high-availability Lustre* file system managed by Intel® Manager for Lustre* 
software requires that your entire storage system configuration
and all interfaces comply with the High Availability Configuration
Specification presented in this guide.

If you are creating a Lustre* file system that will use OpenZFS as the
backend, see the guide *Lustre\* Installation and Configuration using
Intel® Manager for Lustre* software and OpenZFS*.

What is Intel® Manager for Lustre* software Software?
-----------------------------------------------------

Intel® Manager for Lustre* software greatly simplifies configuring, creating,
monitoring, and managing one or more Lustre* file systems from either the
manager GUI, or the associated command line interface (CLI).

RestAPI plugins can further extend the functionality of ML. Such
plugins might include real-time storage monitoring that let you track
Lustre* file system usage, performance metrics, events, and errors at the
Lustre* level.

What is Management Mode?
------------------------

The Intel® Manager for Lustre* software lets you create and manage
new high-availability (HA) Lustre* file systems from its GUI. For each HA
file system, the GUI and dashboard let you create, monitor, and manage
all servers and their respective targets. The software lets you define
failover servers to support HA. RAID-based fault tolerance for storage
devices is implemented independent of Intel® Manager for Lustre* software. 
Software RAID (MDRAID) disk discovery is not supported.

To provide robust HA support, Intel® Manager for Lustre* software
automatically configures Corosync and Pacemaker, and takes advantage of
IPMI or PDUs to support server failover. Note that Logical Volume
Manager (LVM) is not supported in [Management
mode](#what-is-management-mode), but is supported in [Monitor
mode](#what-is-monitor-only-mode).

**Note**: Managed HA support *requires* that your entire storage system
configuration and all interfaces be compliant with a *known
configuration*. See the [High Availability Configuration
Specification](ig_ch_03_building.md) for more information.

What is Monitor-only Mode?
--------------------------

Monitor-only mode allows you to “discover” a working Lustre* file system.
Using Intel® Manager for Lustre* software, you can then monitor the
file system at the Intel® Manager for Lustre* software dashboard. All of the
charts presented on the manager dashboard to monitor performance and
statistics, are also available in monitor-only mode.

Monitor-only mode is for file systems that do not fully conform to the
High Availability Configuration Specification. In this situation, the
Corosync and Pacemaker configuration modules provided with
Intel® Manager for Lustre* software are not automatically deployed. This means
that Intel® Manager for Lustre* software cannot configure the file
system for server failover. Note that Logical Volume Manager (LVM) is
not supported in [Management mode](#what-is-management-mode), but is
supported in [Monitor mode](#what-is-monitor-only-mode).

### The Configuration Page in Monitor-only mode

The Configuration page presented by Intel® Manager for Lustre* software
is designed primarily to enable designers to create Lustre* file
systems with server failover capability, but this capability is not
supported in monitor-only mode. However, many of the features provided
on the Configuration page are also directly useful for monitor-only file
systems.

Building a Lustre* Storage Solution over a ZFS File System
---------------------------------------------------------

If your intent is to build a high-availability, Lustre* storage solution
over an existing ZFS, Intel® Manager for Lustre* software supports this
configuration. However, the installation and configuration of such a
system is not described in this guide. Please see the document:
*Lustre\* Installation and Configuration using
Intel® Manager for Lustre* software and OpenZFS*.

[Top of page](#1.0)
