docs/Install_Guide/ig_ch_04_pre_install.md, before:

[**Manager for Lustre\* Software Installation Guide Table of Contents**](ig_TOC.md)
# <a name="1.0"></a>Pre-Installation Tasks

**In this Chapter:**

- [What Not to Do](#what-not-to-do)
- [LNET Configuration](#lnet-configuration)
- [Server Configuration](#server-configuration)
- [Client Requirements](#client-requirements)
- [Linux\* Kernel Rebuilds and Patches](#linux-kernel-rebuilds-and-patches)
- [Firewall Considerations](#firewall-considerations)


What Not to Do
--------------

Please do *not* perform the following tasks, as these tasks (among
others) are performed automatically, or will conflict with the software:

- Do **not** configure IP addresses for the crossover cable interfaces (server to target).
- Do **not** install or configure Lustre, Corosync, or Pacemaker. Install Manager for Lustre\* software only as described in this guide.
- Do **not** configure NTP on storage servers.
- Do **not** install CMAN (Cluster Manager) or other packages that use the Red Hat fence agents. Manager for Lustre\* software will have package conflicts. Remove all such packages from all systems.

LNET Configuration
------------------

LNET provides the client network infrastructure required by the Lustre*
file system. It supports many commonly used network types such as
InfiniBand and Ethernet.

Basic LNET configuration can be performed using the Manager for
Lustre\* GUI. This is done before creating the Lustre* file system. In
this early version of GUI-based LNET configuration, it is intended that
the file system will exist on a *single* LNET and that all servers and
clients are on this LNET. In this case, you can perform LNET
configuration from the GUI and the configuration information is saved in
a reserved file called
/etc/modprobe.d/iml\_lnet\_module\_parameters.conf. Do not manually edit
this file. Simply follow the instructions in the Manager for
Lustre\* Help.

If you wish to configure more advanced features (such as routes and IP
networks), then you should do this manually, in a separate file
contained in the /etc/modprobe.d directory. Please see the configuration
guide *Configuring LNet Routers for File Systems based on Manager for
Lustre\* Software* and also see the Lustre* Operations Manual, Chapter 9
- Configuring Lustre* Networking*:
[https://build.hpdd.intel.com/job/lustre-manual/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/lustre_manual.xhtml#dbdoclet.50438216_15201](https://build.hpdd.intel.com/job/lustre-manual/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/lustre_manual.xhtml#dbdoclet.50438216_15201)

Server Configuration
--------------------

The following are pre-installation configuration requirements for
servers. These requirements apply to ALL servers unless specifically
noted.

**Note**: If you are installing Lustre* on servers that have been
previously configured as ZFS file system servers, first re-provision all
servers with the correct, supported operating system. Then install
Lustre* as described herein. *Any existing file system data will be
lost*.

1.  Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS Linux version 7.3 or 7.4 must be
    installed. All servers should be running the same OS and version.

    -   Do **not** install CMAN (Cluster Manager) or other packages that use
    the Red Hat fence agents. Manager for Lustre\* software will
    have package conflicts. Remove all such packages from all systems.

1.  For servers running Red Hat Linux, each server must be registered
    with RHN (Red Hat Network) and have the optional channel installed.
    Following is one example of how to accomplish this. Please reference
    your site instructions for more information.

    ```bash
    subscription-manager register --autosubscribe\
    --username=\$redhat\_register\_user\
    --password=\$redhat\_register\_password
    yum -y install yum-utils
    yum-config-manager --enable rhel-7-server-optional-rpms
    ```


1.  Next, you will need to configure hostname resolution of all Lustre
    nodes, on each Lustre* node. Dynamic hostname resolution (DNS) can be
    used to perform this step. If DNS is not being used, you can perform
    this manually as follows:

    a. Set useful hostnames and ensure you have a functioning `/etc/hosts`
    file. Give each server a unique name, such as manager, mds1, mds2,
    oss1 and oss2. You should be able to `ping <hostname>` and ssh
    freely between systems (dependent on a functional `/etc/hosts` file).
    b. An `/etc/hosts` file might have something like this in it when
    complete:


    ```
    10.0.0.101 manager
    10.0.0.102 ost1
    10.0.0.103 mds1
    10.0.0.104 mds2
    10.0.0.105 ost2
    ```

1. Copy your `/etc/hosts` file to all servers.

1.  Use ssh-copy-id to copy your ssh public key to each server so that
    your servers are able to ssh into each other without having to enter
    a password.

2.  Yum needs to be functional, with any needed proxies, and default yum
    repositories must be fully configured. Run `yum update` to verify that
    yum updates occur successfully. `yum search vim` will reveal if you
    cannot connect to your configured repositories.

3.  Ensure that NTP is not running on any system. Manager for Lustre\*
    software will manage NTP.

4.  Ensure that ssh root access `ssh -l root <hostname>` works
    from the server that will be hosting the Manager for Lustre\*
    dashboard, to all other file system servers.

5.  Properly configure the firewall to allow access to your
    distribution’s yum repositories and any external NTP service. You
    should also be able to ssh between the Lustre* servers and the
    manager server without having to enter a password.

**Note**: If a storage node (a Lustre*
server) is to be used as a metadata server (MDS), to properly enforce
Lustre* file permissions, the MDS *must have access* to the same UID/GID
database as the Lustre* clients. For example, if the Lustre* clients are
using LDAP to provide network-wide user account information, the MDS
must be configured to check LDAP for user account information. If a pair
of nodes has been configured as HA peers for an MDT, LDAP must be
configured on both nodes to ensure proper functionality in the event of
a failover.

**Note**: Non-root users should be prevented from logging into storage
nodes.

Client Requirements
-------------------

A client accessing your Lustre* file system (created with Manager
for Lustre\* software) must be running Manager for Lustre\* 4.0.0
client software. See [Configuring Clients](ig_ch_07_configure_clients.md) for
instructions on installing software and configuring clients.

LNET provides the client network infrastructure required by the Lustre*
file system and LNET must be configured for each client. See [LNET
Configuration](#lnet-configuration).

Linux\* Kernel Rebuilds and Patches
-----------------------------------

The installation of Manager for Lustre\* software will replace your
existing Linux\* kernel on all servers. 

Firewall Considerations
-----------------------

Manager for Lustre\* software runs on
servers running RHEL or CentOS, version 7.3 or 7.4. The *firewalled* package
needs to be installed and configured for *all file system servers
before* installing Manager for Lustre\* software. The Manager for
Lustre\* software installation process will then modify the firewall
configuration as needed for Manager for Lustre\* software to operate.

[Top of page](#1.0)

Commit message:

Add Contributor docs to the IML Help Docs (#21)
* Added Contributor docs to the IML Help Docs
 - Added a link to the README.md to point to the contrib docs
 - Created the directory, Contibutor_Docs
 - Appended each file with: cd_ to represent contributor docs
 - Added instructions for MacOS and Linux SSI tests

* Modified links to be Consistent
 - Moved or created top links for every page
 - Created Top of Page links at the bottom of most pages.

* Changed the link for setting up clients to reflect the correct Lustre download URL.

* Change Logo and make links consistent
 - Changed references to Intel® Manager for Lustre* software
 - See namesdb.intel.com
 - Made all links to Table of Contents consistent.

* Corrected urls to iml tarball and linux 7

docs/Install_Guide/ig_ch_04_pre_install.md, after:

# <a name="1.0"></a>Pre-Installation Tasks

[**Software Installation Guide Table of Contents**](ig_TOC.md)

**In this Chapter:**

- [What Not to Do](#what-not-to-do)
- [LNET Configuration](#lnet-configuration)
- [Server Configuration](#server-configuration)
- [Client Requirements](#client-requirements)
- [Linux\* Kernel Rebuilds and Patches](#linux-kernel-rebuilds-and-patches)
- [Firewall Considerations](#firewall-considerations)


What Not to Do
--------------

Please do *not* perform the following tasks, as these tasks (among
others) are performed automatically, or will conflict with the software:

- Do **not** configure IP addresses for the crossover cable interfaces (server to target).
- Do **not** install or configure Lustre, Corosync, or Pacemaker. Install Intel® Manager for Lustre* software only as described in this guide.
- Do **not** configure NTP on storage servers.
- Do **not** install CMAN (Cluster Manager) or other packages that use the Red Hat fence agents. Intel® Manager for Lustre* software will have package conflicts. Remove all such packages from all systems.

LNET Configuration
------------------

LNET provides the client network infrastructure required by the Lustre*
file system. It supports many commonly used network types such as
InfiniBand and Ethernet.

Basic LNET configuration can be performed using the Intel® Manager for Lustre* software GUI.
 This is done before creating the Lustre* file system. In
this early version of GUI-based LNET configuration, it is intended that
the file system will exist on a *single* LNET and that all servers and
clients are on this LNET. In this case, you can perform LNET
configuration from the GUI and the configuration information is saved in
a reserved file called
/etc/modprobe.d/iml\_lnet\_module\_parameters.conf. Do not manually edit
this file. Simply follow the instructions in the Intel® Manager for Lustre* software Help.

If you wish to configure more advanced features (such as routes and IP
networks), then you should do this manually, in a separate file
contained in the /etc/modprobe.d directory. Please see the configuration
guide *Configuring LNet Routers for File Systems based on Intel® Manager for Lustre* software* 
and also see the Lustre* Operations Manual, Chapter 9
- Configuring Lustre* Networking*:
[https://build.hpdd.intel.com/job/lustre-manual/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/lustre_manual.xhtml#dbdoclet.50438216_15201](https://build.hpdd.intel.com/job/lustre-manual/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/lustre_manual.xhtml#dbdoclet.50438216_15201)

Server Configuration
--------------------

The following are pre-installation configuration requirements for
servers. These requirements apply to ALL servers unless specifically
noted.

**Note**: If you are installing Lustre* on servers that have been
previously configured as ZFS file system servers, first re-provision all
servers with the correct, supported operating system. Then install
Lustre* as described herein. *Any existing file system data will be
lost*.

1.  Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS Linux version 7.3 or 7.4 must be
    installed. All servers should be running the same OS and version.

    -   Do **not** install CMAN (Cluster Manager) or other packages that use
    the Red Hat fence agents. Intel® Manager for Lustre* software will
    have package conflicts. Remove all such packages from all systems.

1.  For servers running Red Hat Linux, each server must be registered
    with RHN (Red Hat Network) and have the optional channel installed.
    Following is one example of how to accomplish this. Please reference
    your site instructions for more information.

    ```bash
    subscription-manager register --autosubscribe\
    --username=\$redhat\_register\_user\
    --password=\$redhat\_register\_password
    yum -y install yum-utils
    yum-config-manager --enable rhel-7-server-optional-rpms
    ```


1.  Next, you will need to configure hostname resolution of all Lustre
    nodes, on each Lustre* node. Dynamic hostname resolution (DNS) can be
    used to perform this step. If DNS is not being used, you can perform
    this manually as follows:

    a. Set useful hostnames and ensure you have a functioning `/etc/hosts`
    file. Give each server a unique name, such as manager, mds1, mds2,
    oss1 and oss2. You should be able to `ping <hostname>` and ssh
    freely between systems (dependent on a functional `/etc/hosts` file).
    b. An `/etc/hosts` file might have something like this in it when
    complete:


    ```
    10.0.0.101 manager
    10.0.0.102 ost1
    10.0.0.103 mds1
    10.0.0.104 mds2
    10.0.0.105 ost2
    ```

1. Copy your `/etc/hosts` file to all servers.

1.  Use ssh-copy-id to copy your ssh public key to each server so that
    your servers are able to ssh into each other without having to enter
    a password.

2.  Yum needs to be functional, with any needed proxies, and default yum
    repositories must be fully configured. Run `yum update` to verify that
    yum updates occur successfully. `yum search vim` will reveal if you
    cannot connect to your configured repositories.

3.  Ensure that NTP is not running on any system. Intel® Manager for Lustre* software
    will manage NTP.

4.  Ensure that ssh root access `ssh -l root <hostname>` works
    from the server that will be hosting the Intel® Manager for Lustre* software
    dashboard, to all other file system servers.

5.  Properly configure the firewall to allow access to your
    distribution’s yum repositories and any external NTP service. You
    should also be able to ssh between the Lustre* servers and the
    manager server without having to enter a password.

**Note**: If a storage node (a Lustre*
server) is to be used as a metadata server (MDS), to properly enforce
Lustre* file permissions, the MDS *must have access* to the same UID/GID
database as the Lustre* clients. For example, if the Lustre* clients are
using LDAP to provide network-wide user account information, the MDS
must be configured to check LDAP for user account information. If a pair
of nodes has been configured as HA peers for an MDT, LDAP must be
configured on both nodes to ensure proper functionality in the event of
a failover.

**Note**: Non-root users should be prevented from logging into storage
nodes.

Client Requirements
-------------------

A client accessing your Lustre* file system (created with Manager
for Lustre\* software) must be running Intel® Manager for Lustre* software 4.0.0
client software. See [Configuring Clients](ig_ch_07_configure_clients.md) for
instructions on installing software and configuring clients.

LNET provides the client network infrastructure required by the Lustre*
file system and LNET must be configured for each client. See [LNET
Configuration](#lnet-configuration).

Linux\* Kernel Rebuilds and Patches
-----------------------------------

The installation of Intel® Manager for Lustre* software will replace your
existing Linux\* kernel on all servers. 

Firewall Considerations
-----------------------

Intel® Manager for Lustre* software runs on
servers running RHEL or CentOS, version 7.3 or 7.4. The *firewalled* package
needs to be installed and configured for *all file system servers
before* installing Intel® Manager for Lustre* software. The Intel® Manager for 
Lustre* software installation process will then modify the firewall
configuration as needed for Intel® Manager for Lustre* software to operate.

[Top of page](#1.0)
