docs/Install_Guide/ig_ch_12_installing_updates.md, before:

[**Manager for Lustre\* Software Installation Guide Table of Contents**](ig_TOC.md)
# <a name="1.0"></a>Installing Updates to Manager for Lustre\* software

**Note**: Perform any OS update prior to updating the Manager for
Lustre\* software.

**Note**: Updates are only supported for official releases. Updates
from, or to, test releases are not specifically supported.

Upgrading Manager for Lustre\* software and restarting the manager
server will overwrite any changes previously made to the
chroma-manager.conf template in `/etc/httpd/conf.d/`. Before upgrading
your installation or restarting your manager node, make sure you backup
any modifications to this file first.

Due to a dependency in the update process in previous releases, please
take note of the following update path. Please perform the following
update in the order listed, based on your currently installed version of
Manager for Lustre\* software.

1.  If your currently installed software version is 2.0.0.0 , update to
    version 2.0.1.1 first. Then perform the following consecutive
    updates in the remaining steps.

2.  If your currently installed software version is 2.0.1.1, update to
    version 2.2.0.2 first. Then perform the following consecutive
    updates in the remaining steps.

3.  If your currently installed software version is 2.2.0.2 or later,
    update directly to version 4.0.0.

Performing a version downgrade or rollback is not supported.

To install an update of Manager for Lustre\* software on the manager
server and then all file system managed servers, do the following:

1.  Stop the file system. To do this, click **Configuration** &gt;
    **File Systems**. Then under **Actions**, click **Stop**.

2.  Some servers may belong to multiple file systems. This means that if
    you stop one file system, such a server is still running in support
    of the other file system(s). Be sure to stop all file systems that
    share a server with your candidate file system.

3.  Perform the installation procedure herein: [Installing Manager
    for Lustre\* software](./ig_ch_05_install.md/#installing-manager-for-lustre-software).
    The installation will detect that this is an update and install the
    appropriate files. Use that procedure to verify successful
    installation.

4.  After the updated Manager for Lustre\* software is installed,
    point your web browser to the Manager for Lustre\* dashboard.
    Use Chrome\* or Firefox\*. Be sure to refresh the browser cache,
    i.e., force a fresh reload of the updated dashboard.

5.  With the updated release of Manager for Lustre\* software
    installed at the manager server, a notification is displayed on the
    Servers page that an update is available for installation on managed
    servers. On the **Servers** page, click **Install Updates**.

6.  Each server row in the table will contain a **Selected** toggle
    button in its corresponding **Select Server** column. Select all
    servers that you wish to update and click the Install Updates
    button. This completes the update process for the manager server and
    all managed servers.

7.  When all servers have been updated, restart the file system(s) that
    were stopped for this update.

[Top of page](#1.0)

Commit message:

Add Contributor docs to the IML Help Docs (#21)
* Added Contributor docs to the IML Help Docs
 - Added a link to the README.md to point to the contrib docs
 - Created the directory, Contibutor_Docs
 - Appended each file with: cd_ to represent contributor docs
 - Added instructions for MacOS and Linux SSI tests

* Modified links to be Consistent
 - Moved or created top links for every page
 - Created Top of Page links at the bottom of most pages.

* Changed the link for setting up clients to reflect the correct Lustre download URL.

* Change Logo and make links consistent
 - Changed references to Intel® Manager for Lustre* software
 - See namesdb.intel.com
 - Made all links to Table of Contents consistent.

* Corrected urls to iml tarball and linux 7

docs/Install_Guide/ig_ch_12_installing_updates.md, after:

# <a name="1.0"></a>Installing Updates to Intel® Manager for Lustre* software

[**Software Installation Guide Table of Contents**](ig_TOC.md)

**Note**: Perform any OS update prior to updating the Intel® Manager
for Lustre* software.

**Note**: Updates are only supported for official releases. Updates
from, or to, test releases are not specifically supported.

Upgrading Intel® Manager for Lustre* software and restarting the manager
server will overwrite any changes previously made to the
chroma-manager.conf template in `/etc/httpd/conf.d/`. Before upgrading
your installation or restarting your manager node, make sure you backup
any modifications to this file first.

Due to a dependency in the update process in previous releases, please
take note of the following update path. Please perform the following
update in the order listed, based on your currently installed version of
Intel® Manager for Lustre* software.

1.  If your currently installed software version is 2.0.0.0 , update to
    version 2.0.1.1 first. Then perform the following consecutive
    updates in the remaining steps.

2.  If your currently installed software version is 2.0.1.1, update to
    version 2.2.0.2 first. Then perform the following consecutive
    updates in the remaining steps.

3.  If your currently installed software version is 2.2.0.2 or later,
    update directly to version 4.0.0.

Performing a version downgrade or rollback is not supported.

To install an update of Intel® Manager for Lustre* software on the manager
server and then all file system managed servers, do the following:

1.  Stop the file system. To do this, click **Configuration** &gt;
    **File Systems**. Then under **Actions**, click **Stop**.

2.  Some servers may belong to multiple file systems. This means that if
    you stop one file system, such a server is still running in support
    of the other file system(s). Be sure to stop all file systems that
    share a server with your candidate file system.

3.  Perform the installation procedure herein: [Installing Manager
    for Lustre\* software](./ig_ch_05_install.md/#installing-manager-for-lustre-software).
    The installation will detect that this is an update and install the
    appropriate files. Use that procedure to verify successful
    installation.

4.  After the updated Intel® Manager for Lustre* software is installed,
    point your web browser to the Intel® Manager for Lustre* software dashboard.
    Use Chrome\* or Firefox\*. Be sure to refresh the browser cache,
    i.e., force a fresh reload of the updated dashboard.

5.  With the updated release of Intel® Manager for Lustre* software
    installed at the manager server, a notification is displayed on the
    Servers page that an update is available for installation on managed
    servers. On the **Servers** page, click **Install Updates**.

6.  Each server row in the table will contain a **Selected** toggle
    button in its corresponding **Select Server** column. Select all
    servers that you wish to update and click the Install Updates
    button. This completes the update process for the manager server and
    all managed servers.

7.  When all servers have been updated, restart the file system(s) that
    were stopped for this update.

[Top of page](#1.0)
