docs/api/Scheduler_Plugin_API.md, before:


[**Manager for Lustre\* 4.0.0 API Documentation**](./api_TOC.md)

# <a name="1.0"></a>Scheduler Plugin Developer's Guide for Manager for Lustre\* software


## <a name="1.1"></a>Introduction

IML collects and displays metrics on a per-job basis, when enabled in Lustre.
See the Lustre manual for supported schedulers and configuration.
By default, the data is associated by unique job_id, from whichever job scheduler is configured.
In order to display more useful metadata, e.g. user, a corresponding plugin must be registered to lookup the job_ids.

Plugins are registered by linking a python module (.py) in the plugin directory:  `<root>/chroma_core/lib/scheduler/`.
The provided plugin (procname_uid) uses the shell as the scheduler.

## <a name="1.2"></a>API

Registered job scheduler plugins: slurm_job_id, job_id, lsb_jobid, loadl_step_id, pbs_jobid, procname_uid.

Modules will be loaded dynamically as needed. Plugins must implement fetch function as documented. Plugins should also document the available metadata fields.

```
chroma_core.lib.scheduler.fetch(ids)
```
> Given an iterable of job ids, return an interable of associated metadata dicts. Ids will be unique and requested in batch whenever possible. Plugins are responsible for any caching necessary for performance.

```
chroma_core.lib.scheduler.FIELDS
```
> tuple of field names that the plugin will retrieve

## <a name="1.3"></a>procname_uid

Shell-based scheduler which records process name and user id.

```
chroma_core.lib.scheduler.procname_uid.fetch(ids)
```
> Generate process names and user ids.

```
procname_uid.FIELDS = ('name', 'user')
```

[Top of page](#1.0)

## <a name="1.4"></a>Legal Information

Copyright (c) 2017 Intel® Corporation. All rights reserved.
 Use of this source code is governed by a MIT-style
 license that can be found in the LICENSE file.

\* Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.
This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)

Commit message:

Add Contributor docs to the IML Help Docs (#21)
* Added Contributor docs to the IML Help Docs
 - Added a link to the README.md to point to the contrib docs
 - Created the directory, Contibutor_Docs
 - Appended each file with: cd_ to represent contributor docs
 - Added instructions for MacOS and Linux SSI tests

* Modified links to be Consistent
 - Moved or created top links for every page
 - Created Top of Page links at the bottom of most pages.

* Changed the link for setting up clients to reflect the correct Lustre download URL.

* Change Logo and make links consistent
 - Changed references to Intel® Manager for Lustre* software
 - See namesdb.intel.com
 - Made all links to Table of Contents consistent.

* Corrected urls to iml tarball and linux 7

docs/api/Scheduler_Plugin_API.md, after:

# <a name="1.0"></a>Scheduler Plugin Developer's Guide for Intel® Manager for Lustre* software

[**Software API Documentation Table of Contents**](./api_TOC.md)

## <a name="1.1"></a>Introduction

IML collects and displays metrics on a per-job basis, when enabled in Lustre.
See the Lustre manual for supported schedulers and configuration.
By default, the data is associated by unique job_id, from whichever job scheduler is configured.
In order to display more useful metadata, e.g. user, a corresponding plugin must be registered to lookup the job_ids.

Plugins are registered by linking a python module (.py) in the plugin directory:  `<root>/chroma_core/lib/scheduler/`.
The provided plugin (procname_uid) uses the shell as the scheduler.

## <a name="1.2"></a>API

Registered job scheduler plugins: slurm_job_id, job_id, lsb_jobid, loadl_step_id, pbs_jobid, procname_uid.

Modules will be loaded dynamically as needed. Plugins must implement fetch function as documented. Plugins should also document the available metadata fields.

```
chroma_core.lib.scheduler.fetch(ids)
```
> Given an iterable of job ids, return an interable of associated metadata dicts. Ids will be unique and requested in batch whenever possible. Plugins are responsible for any caching necessary for performance.

```
chroma_core.lib.scheduler.FIELDS
```
> tuple of field names that the plugin will retrieve

## <a name="1.3"></a>procname_uid

Shell-based scheduler which records process name and user id.

```
chroma_core.lib.scheduler.procname_uid.fetch(ids)
```
> Generate process names and user ids.

```
procname_uid.FIELDS = ('name', 'user')
```

[Top of page](#1.0)

## <a name="1.4"></a>Legal Information

Copyright (c) 2017 Intel® Corporation. All rights reserved.
 Use of this source code is governed by a MIT-style
 license that can be found in the LICENSE file.

\* Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.
This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)

[Top of page](#1.0)
