docs/IML_Help_TOC.md, before:

# Manager for Lustre\* 4.0.0 Online Help

### Table of Contents

- [Introduction](Introduction_1_0.md)
- [Getting Started](Getting_started_2_0.md)
- [Creating a new Lustre* file system](Creating_new_lustre_fs_3_0.md)
- [Monitoring Lustre* file systems](Monitoring_lustre_fs_4_0_0.md)
- [Managing and Maintaining HA Lustre file systems](Manage_maintain_HA_lustre_fs_5_0.md)
- [Configuring and using Hierarchical Storage Management](Config_and_using_HSM_6_0.md)
- [Detecting and monitoring existing Lustre file systems](Detect_and_monitor_existing_LFS_7_0.md)
- [Creating and Managing ZFS-based Lustre file systems](Create_and_manage_ZFS_based_LFS_8_0.md)
- [Graphical User Interface](Graphical_User_Interface_9_0.md)
- [Advanced topics](Advanced_Topics_10_0.md)
- [Using the Manager for Lustre\* command line interface](Using_IML_CLI_11_0.md)
- [Errors and troubleshooting](Errors_Troubleshooting_12_0.md)
- [Glossary](Glossary_13_0.md)
- [Getting Help](Getting_help_14_0.md)
- [Legal Information](Legal_information_15_0.md)

[Manager for Lustre* 4.0.0 Help Docs](../README.md)

Commit message:

Add Contributor docs to the IML Help Docs (#21)
* Added Contributor docs to the IML Help Docs
 - Added a link to the README.md to point to the contrib docs
 - Created the directory, Contibutor_Docs
 - Appended each file with: cd_ to represent contributor docs
 - Added instructions for MacOS and Linux SSI tests

* Modified links to be Consistent
 - Moved or created top links for every page
 - Created Top of Page links at the bottom of most pages.

* Changed the link for setting up clients to reflect the correct Lustre download URL.

* Change Logo and make links consistent
 - Changed references to Intel® Manager for Lustre* software
 - See namesdb.intel.com
 - Made all links to Table of Contents consistent.

* Corrected urls to iml tarball and linux 7

docs/IML_Help_TOC.md, after:

# Intel® Manager for Lustre* software 4.0.0
# **Online Help**

[**Help Docs Table of Contents**](../README.md)

### Table of Contents

- [Introduction](Introduction_1_0.md)
- [Getting Started](Getting_started_2_0.md)
- [Creating a new Lustre* file system](Creating_new_lustre_fs_3_0.md)
- [Monitoring Lustre* file systems](Monitoring_lustre_fs_4_0_0.md)
- [Managing and Maintaining HA Lustre file systems](Manage_maintain_HA_lustre_fs_5_0.md)
- [Configuring and using Hierarchical Storage Management](Config_and_using_HSM_6_0.md)
- [Detecting and monitoring existing Lustre file systems](Detect_and_monitor_existing_LFS_7_0.md)
- [Creating and Managing ZFS-based Lustre file systems](Create_and_manage_ZFS_based_LFS_8_0.md)
- [Graphical User Interface](Graphical_User_Interface_9_0.md)
- [Advanced topics](Advanced_Topics_10_0.md)
- [Using the Intel® Manager for Lustre* software command line interface](Using_IML_CLI_11_0.md)
- [Errors and troubleshooting](Errors_Troubleshooting_12_0.md)
- [Glossary](Glossary_13_0.md)
- [Getting Help](Getting_help_14_0.md)
- [Legal Information](Legal_information_15_0.md)
